@chapter Announcement

@c set the vars GNUSTEP-VERSION and GNUSTEP-GCC
@include version.tmpl.texi

@section What is nib2gmodel?
@include readme.texi

@section What's new in this release?
@set ANNOUNCE-ONLY
@include news.texi
@clear ANNOUNCE-ONLY

@section Where can you get it?  How can you compile it?

@ifset GNUSTEP-FTP-MACHINE
The nib2model-@value{GNUSTEP-VERSION}.tar.gz distribution file has 
been placed on @samp{@value{GNUSTEP-FTP-MACHINE}} in
@samp{@value{GNUSTEP-FTP-DIRECTORY}}.
@end ifset

The @samp{.tar} file is compressed with GNU gzip.  Gzip can be obtained by
anonymous ftp at any of the GNU archive sites.

For info about FTP via email, send email to
@samp{ftpmail@@decwrl.dec.com} with no subject line, and two-line body
with line one @samp{help} and line two @samp{quit}.

The most recent (not necessarily tested) snapshots of GNUstep will be
placed on @samp{@value{GNUSTEP-SNAP-FTP-MACHINE}} in
@samp{@value{GNUSTEP-SNAP-FTP-DIRECTORY}}.

@section Where do I send bug reports?

Bug reports can be sent to @email{bug-gnustep@@gnu.org}.

@noindent
Enjoy!@*
GNUstep maintainers@*
@email{gnustep-maintainers@@gnu.org}

@section Obtaining GNU Software

Check out the GNU web site. (@url{http://www.gnu.org/})

Check out the GNUstep web site. (@url{http://www.gnustep.org/})

Most GNU software is packed using the GNU `gzip' compression program.
Source code is available on most sites distributing GNU software.

For information on how to order GNU software on tape, floppy or cd-rom,
or printed GNU manuals, check the file etc/ORDERS in the GNU Emacs
distribution or in GNUinfo/ORDERS on prep, or e-mail a request to:
@email{gnu@@gnu.org}

By ordering your GNU software from the FSF, you help us continue to
develop more free software.  Media revenues are our primary source of
support.  Donations to FSF are deductible on US tax returns.

The above software will soon be at these ftp sites as well.
Please try them before @samp{ftp.gnu.org} as it is very busy!

thanx @email{gnu@@gnu.org}

@table @strong

@item ASIA:
@itemize @minus
@item @url{ftp://ftp.cs.titech.ac.jp}
@item @url{ftp://utsun.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp/ftpsync/prep}
@item @url{ftp://cair.kaist.ac.kr/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.nectec.or.th/pub/mirrors/gnu}
@end itemize

@item AUSTRALIA:
@itemize @minus
@item @url{ftp://archie.au/gnu} (archie.oz or archie.oz.au for ACSnet)
@end itemize

@item AFRICA:
@itemize @minus
@item @url{ftp://ftp.sun.ac.za/pub/gnu}
@end itemize

@item MIDDLE-EAST:
@itemize @minus
@item @url{ftp://ftp.technion.ac.il/pub/unsupported/gnu}
@end itemize

@item EUROPE:
@itemize @minus
@item @url{ftp://irisa.irisa.fr/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.univ-lyon1.fr/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.mcc.ac.uk}
@item @url{ftp://unix.hensa.ac.uk/pub/uunet/systems/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://src.doc.ic.ac.uk/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.ieunet.ie/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.eunet.ch}
@item @url{ftp://nic.switch.ch/mirror/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.informatik.rwth-aachen.de/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.win.tue.nl/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.denet.dk}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.stacken.kth.se}
@item @url{ftp://isy.liu.se}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.luth.se/pub/unix/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.sunet.se/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://archive.eu.net}
@end itemize

@item SOUTH AMERICA:
@itemize @minus
@item @url{ftp://ftp.unicamp.br/pub/gnu}
@end itemize

@item WESTERN CANADA:
@itemize @minus
@item @url{ftp://ftp.cs.ubc.ca/mirror2/gnu}
@end itemize

@item USA:
@itemize @minus
@item @url{ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/systems/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://labrea.stanford.edu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.digex.net/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.kpc.com/pub/mirror/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://f.ms.uky.edu/pub3/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://jaguar.utah.edu/gnustuff}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.hawaii.edu/mirrors/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://vixen.cso.uiuc.edu/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://mrcnext.cso.uiuc.edu/pub/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.cs.columbia.edu/archives/gnu/prep}
@item @url{ftp://col.hp.com/mirrors/gnu}
@item @url{ftp://gatekeeper.dec.com/pub/GNU}
@item @url{ftp://ftp.uu.net/systems/gnu}
@end itemize

@end table
