@c -*-texinfo-*-
@ifset TEXT-ONLY
@include version.texi
@end ifset

@ifclear ANNOUNCE-ONLY
@chapter NEWS

The currently released version is @samp{@value{NIB2MOD-VERSION}}.
@end ifclear

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.9.0}

Minor compilation fixes.

@c --------------------------------------------------------
@c Don't need to include older changes in announce
@ifclear ANNOUNCE-ONLY

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.6}

Update for new GNUstep directory layout. Update for MacOSX 10.2

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.0}

Bug fixes, including a workaround for a bug in MacOSX 10.1.x.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.7.0}

Bug fixes. NSSecureTextField support. Updated for changes in NSMenu code,
and new NSWindow ivars.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.6.5}

Archiving of NSText and NSTextView was added. Better coding of
NSScrollView, NSButton, Menus, Cells. NSSliderCell added.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.6.5}

Menu and Popup Button translation has been fixed. Nib2gmodel now
runs better on MacOSX.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.6.2}

A few bug fixes in the gmodel code.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.6.0}

nib2gmodel has been ported to MacOSX.

Several bug fixes allow better translation of various classes, including
NSBox and NSPopUpButton.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.5.6}

The package name has changed from nib2model to nib2gmodel. The name of the
tool is still called nib2gmodel.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.5.6}

Some of the translation problems have been fixed. Still needs better testing.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.5.5}

This is the first release of the nib2gmodel tool on its own. It was
previouly (and still is) a part of the core libraries.

There are known problems with this release. Worst of all being that nib2gmodel
doesn't completely convert all GUI Objects, such as Matrices, etc. Hopefully
a fixed up version will be coming soon.

@end ifclear
