@c -*-texinfo-*-
@ifclear ANNOUNCE-ONLY
@chapter README
@end ifclear

@ifset TEXT-ONLY
@include version.texi
@end ifset

This is version @value{NIB2MOD-VERSION} of the GNUstep nib2gmodel tool

GNUstep is a set of general-purpose Objective-C libraries based on the
OpenStep standard developed by NeXT (now Apple) Inc. The libraries
consist of everything from foundation classes, such as dictionaries and
arrays, to GUI interface classes such as windows, sliders, buttons, etc.

nib2gmodel is a tool developed for GNUstep which converts Apple/NeXT
OpenStep 4.x and MacOSX nib files to a GNUstep gmodel file.

Note that nib2gmodel does a pretty good, but not a perfect job of 
translating nib files. Since the nib format is not documented, translation
must be done in a round-about way. Coupled with the fact that different OpenStep
systems store GUI elements in different ways leads to non-optimal translation.
It is likely that you'll have to hand-edit the gmodel file after 
translation. We recommend, however, that after
translating the file, you use our interface design program, Gorm, to
read in the gmodel file, edit it grahpically as you please, and then
save it into the preferred Gorm format (it's not possible to resave it
in gmodel format using Gorm).


The file @file{INSTALL} gives instructions for installing the package.

The GNUstep web site at @url{http://www.gnustep.org} contains more 
information.

@section Machines

GNUstep nib2gmodel has been compiled (sometime in the past) on the following
machines.

@itemize @bullet
@item OpenStep 4.x/m68k
@item OpenStep 4.x/ix86
@item MacOS X Server 1.0
@item MacOS X 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4
@end itemize

@section Troubleshooting

@table @bullet
@item Message @emph{Could not find image named 'Foo'}
This is a normal warning that occurs when the AppKit tries to load in an
image for an object, and can't find it. Most likely you are translating the
nib from the source directory and the images are not stored in the normal
install location, so the images can not be found. As long as the images can
be found normally when the Application is installed, this is fine.

@item Message @emph{Unkown class MyObject}
You have created a custom class in the nib. Obviously nib2gmodel does not have
this class, so the AppKit cannot instantiate it when reading in the nib file. 
However, It should still be converted correctly in the gmodel file.

@end table


