@c -*-texinfo-*-
@ifclear ANNOUNCE-ONLY
@chapter README
@end ifclear

@ifset TEXT-ONLY
@include version.texi
@end ifset

This is version @value{NIB2MOD-VERSION} of the GNUstep nib2gmodel tool

GNUstep is a set of general-purpose Objective-C libraries base on the
OpenStep standard developed by NeXT (now Apple) Inc. The libraries
consist of everything from foundation classes, such as dictionaries and
arrays, to GUI interface classes such as windows, sliders, buttons, etc.

nib2gmodel is a tool developed for GNUstep which converts Apple/NeXT
OpenStep 4.x nib files (and perhaps other nib files) to the GNUstep
version of a nib file called a gmodel file.

The file @file{INSTALL} gives instructions for installing the package.

The GNUstep web site at @url{http://www.gnustep.org} conatins more 
information.

For documentation on individual libraries, look in the documentation
section/directory for that library.

The GNUstep libraries are covered under the GNU Public Library License.
This means you can use these libraries in any program (even non-free
programs) as long as you make the source and improvements you have made
to the libraries freely available. You should read the COPYING.LIB file
for more information.

GNUstep tools, test programs, and other files are covered under the
GNU Public License. This means if you make changes to these programs,
you cannot charge a fee, other than distribution fees, for others to
use the program. You should read the COPYING file for more information.

@section How can you help?

@itemize @bullet
@item
Check the bug list at the GNUstep web site, or subscribe to
the GNUstep newslists for information.
If you can volunteer for any of the projects, or if you have any useful
comments send email!  @email{discuss-gnustep@@gnu.org}

@item
Give us feedback!  Tell us what you like; tell us what you think
could be better.  Send bug reports to @email{bug-gnustep@@gnu.org}.
@end itemize

@section Machines

GNUstep nib2gmodel is known to compile on the following
machines.

@itemize @bullet
@item OpenStep 4.0/m68k
@end itemize

